Now in the previous section, we have created
our first thread by passing it a function to execute.
In this section, we want to build on this and pass
a function object instance which is basically an instance
of a class that implements the function call operator.
Now this can be very useful for passing data through threats
which is one of the major things we want to do in this course,
pass data safely between different threads.
Another way to do this to pass data and also start a thread with
a very small code footprint is to use a so-called Lambda function.
Since the C+ 11,
this is a very useful language feature that allows us to define a function at
an almost arbitrary position in our code right where we needed to be.
This spares us from having to formally define a function somewhere else in
our code file which can be very cumbersome and
also inflate our code totally unnecessarily.
Lambdas are super useful not only in concurrent programming.
So if you're not already familiar with them,
try to experiment a little especially,
with various options for passing parameters to them.
Let's go ahead and take a look.